Welcome back my student from the future again on this lecture I'm going to show you how to lead a file.
And it's going to be probably one of the most simplest simplest lectures of all time.
All right.
So I'm going to actually come to them here and create a file I'm going to call this test the lead.
Actually the lead on this chord is because this is the file that we are going to be the leading.
All right so I'm going to make it up BHB that's OK.
Right.
And then if we go Here we see that it is here somewhere.
All right does it have anything just there.
Now let's actually create a file that is going to delete this stuff.
So file the leading
on the leading score files should be.
All right.
Just me.
All right so how we delete a file.
Super simple answers.
Actually I put it with that BHB extension there because I want you to know that we're not limited to
THC files while we can delete BHB files as well.
So the way that we do this is by saying OK I want you to only link.
All right.
And you put the name of the file.
So we're going to say the least.
Geez the lead on this gorgeous stuff BHB.
All right but make sure that you put some cords around.
There we go.
That's it.
That's all you got to do.
And if you come back to your browser here and you find your file and you refresh
this is gone.
Right.
It was gone immediately.
So that's it.
That's how you delete a file using BHB very simple right.
Thank you so much for allowing me to teach this in this course.
And I look forward to seeing you in new and new lectures and having the project take care and have fun.